Document the missing followers_count param (#264)
500px/legacy-api-documentation: endpoints/photo/GET_photos.md

- **tags** — If set to 1, returns an array of tags for the photo.

> - **followers_count** - Filter the photo stream by number of followers each photo's user has. The expected value is in the form of `lt:N` or `gt:N` where `lt` and `gt` is "less-than" and "greater-than" respectively and `N` is the number of followers. At the time of this documentation, the default for "Undiscovered photographers" is `lt:200`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **followers_count** - Filter the photo stream by number of followers each photo's user has. The expect value is `operator:N`. `Operator` can be one of `eq ne lt lte gt gte` (details below) and `N` is the number of followers. At the time of this documentation, the default for "Undiscovered photographers" is `lt:200`.
  - eq = `equals` 
  - ne = `not equals`
  - lt = `less than`
  - lte = `less than or equals`
  - gt = `greater than`
  - gte = `greater than or equals`
```
